# What is this project?

I started finding it hard to memorise new 
words in my Swedish learning, and I wanted 
to also find a way to transfer words and 
expressions from my passive vocabulary to my 
active one. The dictionary file used was
made manually by me, and I add to it as I 
find new words and expressions.

# How does it work?

For now, it only works to translate from 
Swedish into English. I have added synonyms
in certain cases to help build better
connections/mental picture between the 
words. Those can be guessed to wherever
possible.
You can use the program either as a cli, or
as a streamlit app.

# What I hope to add

- Option of translating from English into 
Swedish as well. It would also be nice to 
add example sentences with each word/
expression to get an idea of contexts in 
which they are used correctly.
- Would also be nice to add the option of
the user coming up with sentences and then 
checking if they are correct using LLMs.
- Could add points for each correct guess
just make it more like a game.
